`curta-golf` deploy script (#14)
waterfall-mkt/curta-golf: README.md

> [!NOTE]
> It may be helpful to use an extension like [**Coverage Gutters**](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ryanluker.vscode-coverage-gutters) to display the coverage over the code.

## Deploying

> There are three core contracts that get deployed in [`Deploy.s.sol`](https://github.com/waterfall-mkt/curta-golf/blob/main/script/Deploy.s.sol): `PurityChecker.sol`, `Par.sol`, and `CurtaGolf.sol`. We also make use of three external libraries included in [`foundry.toml`](https://github.com/waterfall-mkt/curta-golf/blob/main/foundry.toml#L8). These are: `Perlin.sol`, `ParArt.sol`, and `KingArt.sol`. `Perlin.sol` is used by `KingArt.sol` which is used by `KingERC721.sol` which is inherited by `CurtaGolf.sol` while `ParArt.sol` is used by `Par.sol`. We include these in `foundry.toml` if we *don't* want them to be deployed alongside the contracts that use them. Otherwise, as an example, `Perlin.sol` and `KingArt.sol` would be deployed alongside `CurtaGolf.sol`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three core contracts that get deployed in [`Deploy.s.sol`](https://github.com/waterfall-mkt/curta-golf/blob/main/script/Deploy.s.sol): `PurityChecker.sol`, `Par.sol`, and `CurtaGolf.sol`. We also make use of three external libraries included in [`foundry.toml`](https://github.com/waterfall-mkt/curta-golf/blob/main/foundry.toml#L16-L20C2). These are: `Perlin.sol`, `ParArt.sol`, and `KingArt.sol`. `Perlin.sol` is used by `KingArt.sol`, which is used by `KingERC721.sol`, which is inherited by `CurtaGolf.sol`, and `ParArt.sol` is used by `Par.sol`. We include these in `foundry.toml` if we *don't* want them to be deployed alongside the contracts that use them. Otherwise, as an example, `Perlin.sol` and `KingArt.sol` would be deployed alongside `CurtaGolf.sol`.
```

A standard example for deploying everything would look like this:
```sh
forge script script/Deploy.s.sol:Deploy \
--rpc-url <rpc_url> \
--sender <sender> \
--account <account> \
--broadcast
```

If libraries have already been deployed we would do:
```sh
forge script script/Deploy.s.sol:Deploy \
--rpc-url <rpc_url> \
--sender <sender> \
--account <account> \
--broadcast \
--libraries src/utils/Perlin.sol:Perlin:<address> \
--libraries src/utils/metadata/KingArt.sol:KingArt:<address> \
--libraries src/utils/metadata/ParArt.sol:ParArt:<address>
```

> When using `forge verify-contract` on a contract with libraries, the `--libaries` arg needs to be supplied in the form `--libraries <remapped path to lib>:<library name>:<address>` to the verify command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When using `forge verify-contract` to verify a contract on a contract with libraries, the `--libraries` arg needs to be supplied in the form `--libraries <remapped path to lib>:<library name>:<address>`.
```
